Let's talk a little bit about how you choose a title for your listing when you're making your title
don't really stress over it too much.
It's not something that in my experience I've noticed is crucial to a positive listing if you go on
air B and B and you look at some of the listings on there and you'll notice that there's a pretty wide
range of styles lengths descriptions that people are using in their titles.
And you also notice that across the spectrum it seems as though popular listings can use any variety
of strategies when making their title.
I'm going to give you some tips that have at least worked for me and worked in the host that I've seen
first off.
Think of the top two to three main selling points for your listing and I say 2:58 simply because there
is a limit to how many words you can use in the title.
You might not be able to fit all three.
If it's the case that one of the words is longer or you want to put in say your area title that's longer
to write out your top two to three try to fit at least two of those in your listing whether it's your
location like your area is one of the top three parts of your listing or maybe it's really spacious.
Maybe it's the case that it's close to everything.
Maybe it's a case that's close to mass transportation.
Maybe it's the case that it's a good value purchase kind of identify what your angle is what you think
the main reasons people are going to be staying at your place are when you actually go and push relisting
live you're going to get some real time feedback and what you'll notice is that you say you launched
the title and you're going to focus on certain aspects of your listings so you think that having laundry
in the buildings big C put at the end of your listing with laundry.
Very quickly I'll find out whether or not people actually respond to that.
And if you notice over the course of a month or so that no one's mentioning laundry or they're not mentioning
in the reviews they're not saying anything to you verbally that this is a big deal.
Then I think you should consider taking it out.
The flip side of that is you will hear what people care about and the amenities that you have that resonate
with the people booking your place.
Those are going to be kind of brought to the forefront.
You will notice these things over time.
On my listing it's Fisherman's Wharf three bedroom two bath parking.
So I said Fisherman's Wharf because that's a big tourist thing.
And so people who are tourists are coming are going to recognize that.
And again it's like I'm pre-qualifying my space for people who want to come see this area.
The other one was parking because in my experience that was something that was very rarely offered in
other apartments and it was something that a lot of people were specifically looking for they might
be looking at two comparable properties.
And if one of them has parking and the other one doesn't.
They're probably going to go with the owners parking especially if they're coming with a car or the
case they're coming with two cars because garage fees can add up if you're going to have to pay for
an overnight garage or are you going have to deal with the car every single day.
That actually kind of takes away from the fun of the vacation.
I decided to put the bedroom configuration in my space and this is something I suggest doing but it's
not necessarily perfect for everybody.
Personally when I'm looking on air B and B I'm looking for a space.
I get kind of annoyed with the fact that a lot of people just don't list how big the space is and so
I have to go in and look at it and look in the details to see if it's a two bedroom a one bedroom or
you know a 1.5 or something where they've converted a space.
What causes this problem is that you know when you search she'll say I have three agast.
And so it's going to find all the people that say they can fit three guests and well a three bedroom
can fit three gas a two bedroom can fit three guest and a lot of people list their one bedroom is being
fit three guests because they're assuming that you know one person's going to stay in the living room
and they might have a spare couch.
In my experience listening out the actual space is a good thing.
Three bedrooms are rarer.
So that's why I wanted to list out three bedroom because I was kind of going for people who wanted to
be in groups.
Also when I wrote the title my listing price was low.
And so I kind of wanted to create that disconnect where they see three bedroom two bath but it's actually
quite cheap it's priced at something you'd see more of like a two bedroom two bath.
So that's kind of the angle that I went with and I originally had started off with a title that highlighted
location with regards to the ocean.
So I said spacious apartment near the ocean.
In my experience those two things that I was testing for size and near the ocean kind of ended up being
just not ideal.
And what I found to be better was I can say a fisherman's wharf because that grabs the tourists kind
of attention but also do you know anything about Fisherman's Wharf.
You know it's by the ocean so I don't need to say by the ocean I can be more specific.
And then similarly spacious Well I can just say three bedroom two bath and that kind of conveys spaciousness
at least it's large.
And then in the photographs they can see the spaciousness.
I personally would say that stay away from listings that are too short and not specific enough in the
case of Sarah's apartment.
She used designers home close to everything.
This might be the exception because she used a very short description but she got her two big points
away.
One it's a designer's home so you know that it's it's very well-kept It's very pretty and there's a
lot of thought that goes into the interior you know the quality is high and another thing is close to
everything.
Well a lot of people are coming to Dublin and they don't know what is close to everything.
If it says close to everything that fixes that anxiety for them in general I would say that you want
to focus on conveying either quality or location and in some cases you can list specific things about
it.
Let's say that you want to focus on the quality of your apartment so for quality you're going to focus
on listing off the adjectives of your space that would convey quality she said designers space that
conveys quality.
I went for location so I said Fisherman's Wharf.
If I had to go quality then I would say something like spaciousness or I would say brand new or something
like that because we have brand new fixtures.
That was the weaker case for my apartment in the sense that it's harder for me to say that my apartment
is super high quality because it's not necessarily high quality compared to some of the designer apartments
around us.
There are other places that have much nicer fixtures and much nicer decorations so I decided against
that and focus more on location and then size.
So that would be how you kind of focus on quality maybe you want to say that it's cozy.
Or maybe you want to say that it's well-appointed or something of that sort.
And if you want to focus on location then you'd focus more on the things like close to mass transit
in the heart of the city is a very popular description.
I would suggest just going on Aramean me and getting a decent idea of what other people list and you
can kind of see what you think works.
You know you think might not work in my experience it doesn't particularly matter.
But I want to stress the fact that you should be testing this always.
You know every month or so try fiddling with it and see if it makes a difference.
See if he finally come to something that you're comfortable with.
You can test out different ideas very quickly and you can also test out different features of your apartment
if you do go and look on Airbnb and get some ideas for things that you have in your apartment that you
can test out of a hot tub.
Try listening out there you have a hot tub.
If you have views try listening out that you have views views or something that gets quite popular an
Air B and B a lot of people will pay extra.
You have a good view from the apartment.
If you're right next to some mass transit and you really are very close to it that's something you can
try testing out see if that's something that's important to people.
I think that after your first month or two you'll start identifying why people are renting your space.
You can kind of figure out if it's the case that people are using it for specific use.
When I say specific use I mean maybe like people are using it for business conventions a close to convention
you have a very convenient space or are they using it for tourism.
Are they using it for some kind of events or maybe meetings or its proximity to something.
What can you think of what's the pattern kind of here and then you can kind of do is try to hone in
kind of on that group and I think that will help you considerably.
You guys have any questions post them in the group discussion and I'll try to get to them.
I want to kind of stress that when you make your title this is more art than science at least in my
experience because good hosts and good properties can make up for bad titles.
And it's very hard to discern you know how many of the people coming into your property are because
of a good title when you're coming in because the rest of the listing is really good.
And in my experience I've seen people who had multiple properties with nonsensical names that I would
never expect to be popular yet they run their properties very well so I don't believe that the title
has a huge bit to do with how many people come here listing.
If you go and search their BND you'll notice that what's the first thing you notice when you search
it's the photograph.
The photograph is 90 percent of what you notice and then you might read the listing and then you might
read the whole subtext under it so you know you want to test out different titles you want to gauge
it that way.
And eventually I'll come to one that you're kind of happy with.